Add configuration option to set default UUID table name. Closes #125. (#126)
michaeldyrynda/laravel-model-uuid: README.md

}
```

> A default column name can also be configured. Simply create a config file called `config/model-uuid.php` and edit its contents. For example, to change the default UUID column name to `uuid_binary`, modify your `config/model-uuid.php` like so:
> 
> ```php
> <?php
> 
> return [
>     /**
>      * The default column name which should be used to store the generated UUID value.
>      * Note: This can still be overwritten by declaring a `uuidColumn()` method in your model(s).
>      */
>     'default_column_name' => 'uuid_binary',
> ];
> 
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the package will use `uuid` as the column name to store the generated UUID value. If you prefer a different name, you may change the `model-uuid.column_name` config variable.

You may also override the `uuidColumn` method on a per-model basis.
```
